Rename ActionState to TriggerState (#296)
projectharmonia/bevy_enhanced_input: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Rename `ActionState` into `TriggerState` to better align with UE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rename `ActionState` into `TriggerState` to better align with Unreal Engine.
```
